f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\messManagementSystem.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\messManagementSystem.pdb
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\EntityFramework.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebGrease.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\EntityFramework.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.dll
f:\users\innvy1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.pdb
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\messManagementSystem.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\messManagementSystem.pdb
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.dll
E:\xxx\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.pdb
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\messManagementSystem.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\messManagementSystem.pdb
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.dll
F:\Users\innvy1\Desktop\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.pdb
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\messManagementSystem.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\messManagementSystem.pdb
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.dll
E:\xxx\work\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.pdb
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\messManagementSystem.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\messManagementSystem.pdb
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.pdb
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\StructureMap.dll
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\StructureMap.pdb
E:\SandipThite\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\StructureMap.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\messManagementSystem.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\messManagementSystem.pdb
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\StructureMap.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\StructureMap.pdb
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\StructureMap.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.pdb
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\obj\Debug\messManagementSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\itextsharp.dll
E:\SandipWork\messManagementSystem\messManagementSystem\bin\messManagementSystem.dll.config
